RX-GAMING WEBSITE

Run commands from this directory (the one containing package.json).
Requires Node.js 22 or newer supported LTS and npm.

LOCAL PREVIEW
  npm ci
  npm run dev
  Open http://localhost:3000

CONFIGURATION
Copy .env.example to .env.local and fill in your deployment values.
SITE_URL is the public website origin, not a Minecraft server address. Set it
before building and keep the same value when running: static metadata, robots
and sitemap URLs are generated at build time. Rebuild when changing domains.
For local development set SITE_URL=http://localhost:3000 or leave it unset.
TEBEX_PUBLIC_TOKEN is your store's Headless API public token.
The existing NEXT_PUBLIC_TEBEX_PUBLIC_TOKEN name is also supported.
Never put a private Tebex API key here.

Checkout attaches the Minecraft Java username when creating the Tebex basket.
Basket creation sends the username and redirect fields without a customer IP
override. A customer IP header is not required for checkout.
Set SITE_URL to your HTTPS public origin for production.

VALIDATION
  npm test
  npm run typecheck
  npm run build
  npm audit

PRODUCTION
  npm run build
  npm start
Or use Dockerfile. Supply your public origin while building:
  docker build --build-arg SITE_URL=https://your-website.example -t rx-gaming .
This sets the same default SITE_URL in the runtime image. Supply the Tebex
token when running the container. Do not put
tokens or secrets in build arguments. .env files and local node_modules are
excluded from the build context. Rebuild the image if the public origin changes.
The Docker image runs Next.js standalone output as a non-root user.

PAYMENTS AND STATUS
Catalog prices, currency and availability come from Tebex. Final taxes,
discounts, subscription terms and payment totals are confirmed by Tebex.
The return page cannot independently verify payment and does not clear carts.
Before enabling purchases on a new deployment, confirm payment, cancellation,
receipts and in-game delivery through the merchant's test/payment workflow.
Automated checkout tests use mocked Tebex responses and never charge money.
Server status uses mcsrvstat.us and may be cached for up to five minutes.

The old sample products.json is retained as source reference, not a catalog
or checkout fallback. Live numeric package IDs are revalidated server-side.
